bloating cramping headaches nausea sound
familiar ladies it's that time of the
month again and you just can't control
your Cravings of sweet salt and caffeine
basically you just want to OD in all the
bad stuff did you know that most of the
pain felt during your menstrual cycle is
caused by uterus contractions because
these contractions inhibit the flow of
blood to your uterus lining abdominal
cramps lower back pain and leg
discomfort all common symptoms taking
painkillers is what most women resort to
but those give you temporary relief so
let's try and Tackle this problem right
from its root with the help of a few
simple yoga
[Music]
postures the first POS we're going to do
today is the wide leg child spos if you
have discomfort in your lower back this
is just the pose for you place your
knees on the
floor widen them to a comfortable
distance and then fold forward extending
your arms in front of you rest your
forehead on the mat and and stay there
for five
breaths you can place a book under your
head so there's no discomfort in the
neck this pose takes your breath and
blood flow right to the lower abdomen
and lower back restoring and releasing
any tightness and contractions in that
region the next pose we're going to do
today is the reclining bound angle pose
this pose activates your excretory
system and stimulates your digestion it
really is one of the best poses for
menstrual cramps lie down on your back
with your feet stretched out in front of
you
then slowly bend the knees and let them
drop to either side bringing the heels
to
touch turn your palms face up and
breathe stain the posture for about 30
seconds to a minute the lower back hips
and groins get a great stretch keep
breathing to the lower abdomen and the
lower back now we will do reclined
Hero's pose for this pose you will need
a cushion and the best part about this
pose is that you can do it right from
your bed
please avoid this pose if you've got any
knee pain or discomfort in the knees
start by coming into vasin then widen
the knees and bring your sitting bones
to the inside of your feet then place
the cushion behind you like this it's
important that the cushion is not too
soft the firmer the better so you don't
sink down into it Place Your Hands by
the side and start exhaling
slowly then with control lean back
towards the pillow take your weight onto
the hands and then your elbows and then
the forearms finally coming all the way
down drawing your tailbone energetically
towards the knees hold for about 30
seconds making sure your breath is long
and smooth to come out press into your
hands and elbows and gently inhaling
bring yourself all the way
[Music]
up the next pose we're going to do is
the legs up the wall pose this pose is
exceptionally good for you during your
period but even otherwise it's a really
good pose because it's restorative and
calming place your sitting bones to the
wall then lie down and extend the legs
straight up against the wall rest the
Arms by the side of your body turn your
palms up and
breathe make sure the whole spine is
along the floor you don't want your
tailbone to be lifting up
alternatively come lie down on your back
and lift the legs all the way up then
then bend the knees and place the calves
on the
chair this may be slightly
easier again spine is flat to the floor
and breathe slowly resting there for at
least a whole
minute so there you go girls next time
you experience menstrual pain try these
and you'll never be a Pill Popper again
until next time stay tuned and stay
[Music]
glamorous